# CakePHP DebugKit

DebugKit provides a debugging toolbar and enhanced debugging tools for CakePHP applications.

## Installation

* Clone/Copy the files in this directory into `app/Plugin/DebugKit`
* Ensure the plugin is loaded in `app/Config/bootstrap.php` by calling `CakePlugin::load('DebugKit');`
* Include the toolbar component in your `AppController.php`:
   * `public $components = array('DebugKit.Toolbar');`
* Set debug mode to at least 1.
* Make sure to remove the 'sql_dump' element from your layout if you want to experience the awesome that is the debug kit SQL log.

## Documentation

Further documentation including additional configuration and ways of extending DebugKit can be found in the [Lighthouse wiki](http://cakephp.lighthouseapp.com/projects/42880-debug-kit/overview)

## Reporting issues

If you have an issues with DebugKit please open a ticket on lighthouse http://cakephp.lighthouseapp.com/projects/42880-debug-kit/overview

## Contributing

If you'd like to contribute to DebugKit, check out the [Roadmap](http://cakephp.lighthouseapp.com/projects/42880/roadmap) for any planned features.  You can fork the project add features and send pull requests, or open tickets on lighthouse.

## Versions

DebugKit has several releases, they are compatible with different release of CakePHP.  Downloading a tag, or checking out the correct branch.

* `1.0, 1.1, 1.2` are compatible with CakePHP 1.2.x.  These releases of DebugKit will not work with CakePHP 1.3. You can also use the `1.2-branch` for the mos recent updates and bugfixes.
* `1.3.0` is compatible with CakePHP 1.3.x only.  It will not work with CakePHP 1.2. You can also use the `1.3` branch to get the most recent updates and bugfixes.
* `2.0.0` is compatible with CakePHP 2.0.x only.  It will not work with previous CakePHP versions. You can also use the `master` branch to get the most recent updates.
